Update _gmail-bcc-setup.md (#7761)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/_partials/_gmail-bcc-setup.md

        3. In **Envelope recipient** select **Change envelope recipient**.
        4. In **Replace recipient** add the recipient BCC address. For example, `bcc_recipient@mxrecord.io`. This address is specific to each customer tenant and can be found in your [Portal](https://horizon.area1security.com/support/service-addresses).

>         {{<Aside type="note">}}If you are located in the EU or GDPR applies to your organization, replace the `@mxrecord.io` domain in the BCC recipient with `@mailstream-eu-primary.journaling.mxrecord.io`. For example, input `bcc_recipient@mailstream-eu-primary.journaling.mxrecord.io`. This will prioritize emails to be processed in Germany while allowing Fail-Over to the US. If you do not want Fail-Over protection then use `@mailstream-eu1.mxrecord.io`.{{</Aside>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {{<Aside type="note">}}If you are located in the EU or GDPR applies to your organization, replace the `@mxrecord.io` domain in the BCC recipient with `@mailstream-eu-primary.journaling.mxrecord.io`. For example, input `bcc_recipient@mailstream-eu-primary.journaling.mxrecord.io`. This will prioritize emails to be processed in Germany while allowing failover to the US. If you do not want failover protection, use `@mailstream-eu1.mxrecord.io`.{{</Aside>}}
```
